Update self-hosting docs for 2026.4 behavior (#147)
pretix/pretix-docs: docs/self-hosting/updates.md

### Upgrade to 2026.3.0 or newer

Python 3.11 is now required and Python 3.14 is now supported. PostgreSQL 14 is now required. PostgreSQL 12 and 13 are no longer supported.

### Upgrade to 2026.4.0 or newer

> HTTP connections to local networks (like 127.0.0.1 or 10.0.0.0) are now blocked by default to prevent unauthorized access to internal services by backend users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, pretix now blocks HTTP connections to local networks (like `127.0.0.1` or `10.0.0.0`). 
This prevents backend users from accessing internal services without authorization. 
```
